# fdaa5907

# Ethereum Price Index

This app show the actual Ethereum price and the chart of all Ethereum data. In addition it is possibile to run a forecast with the choosen number of observation.

## Ethereum

Ethereum is an open source, public, blockchain-based distributed computing platform and operating system featuring smart contract (scripting) functionality.
Ether is the cryptocurrency generated by the Ethereum platform as a reward to mining nodes for computations performed and is the only currency accepted in the payment of transaction fees.
Ethereum was proposed in late 2013 by Vitalik Buterin, a cryptocurrency researcher and programmer.

### Aim of this project

The purpose of this package is to show the stock exchange index of the cryptocurrency Ether.
It is possible to view:
  * the real-time value of the index;
    * it can be updated by a button;
  * the chart (updated daily) of the trend of the index;
  * the chart (updated daily) of the trend of the index with a Moving Average;
  * the forecast of the future trend of the index;
    * in this case it is also possible to choose the number of observations on which to base the forecast.

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes.

### Installing

Install the R package "devtools" if not installed

```
install.packages("devtools")
```

Install the R package

```
devtools::install_github('unimi-dse/fdaa5907')
```

Load the package

```
require(ethereum)
```

### Documentation and Test


It's possible to see the documentation (how it works) of the developed functions, by typing:

```
?getEth()
?calculateRange()
?getPricePerc()
?server()
?setOutPricePerc()
```

## Built With

* [Shiny](https://shiny.rstudio.com/) - The app framework used


## Authors

* **Tommaso Pessina** - *Initial work* - (https://github.com/tommasopessina)
